---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: "The result showed that\_ all time winners of most skimedals by population size (NORWAY) in the Winter Olympics alsoare\_dominant of #tagging the winter of their country #winterinnorway. Surprisingly the swedes only post the #winterinsweden half as much and the list goes on and down to countries like India with a big population only #winterinindia 191 times."
datePublished: '2016-04-05T16:54:19.198Z'
dateModified: '2016-04-05T16:54:08.458Z'
title: Story
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-04-05-story.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: story/index.html
_type: Article

---
# Story

## Why does the world need us?

**Part One**

The 27th of July, I made a search on Instagram to find out about the general interest of \#taggin' winter activities in a country.The purpose of the search was to highlight the fact that winter and skiing in Norway is important to many people in general.

The result showed that  all time winners of most skimedals by population size (NORWAY) in the Winter Olympics alsoare dominant of \#tagging the winter of their country \#winterinnorway. Surprisingly the swedes only post the \#winterinsweden half as much and the list goes on and down to countries like India with a big population only \#winterinindia 191 times.

When looking at these numbers, wealth, language use and the use of smartphones with the Instagram-app is off course also to be considered. However, in many ways it paints a pretty good picture of peoples relation to winter and what people like to post and whats on peoples mind.

**Part Two**

Skiing is and has been more than just pleasure. Especially for me. Skiing is not only the joy of sliding down a hill. Skiing has its place in history for exploration, communication and survival. It's in close relation to myself and the culture I grew up in. For example:  
What would Sweden be like if Gustav Wasa didn't have skis on his escape from the Danish king?  
How could Norwegians survive in everyday life without being able to transport themselves on snow? Not to mention, the actions by the heroes of Telemark taking place in Rjukan  during the second world war.

If it wasn't for skis we wouldn't have been able to discover the true north or south of the planet we live on, and kids would not enjoy winter as much.

Skiing and the principles of skiing has played a key-role in the development of the society in all Scandinavia but especially Norway. My question is what happens to history when then global migration, poverty and wars make people head north, meeting a society and a climate where the winter is dark and cold?  
People who enjoy winter, enjoys being outside and play in the snow, on the ice or in the water with a wetsuit. This take some effort to really learn. Also, kids who go outside, get necessary sunlight, move physically and meet friends for free play. They also get more relaxed and comfortable with the local environment which again lead to creativity and that feeds exploration and curiosity.

**Part three coming before winter.**